Release v0.14.0 (#240)
ASFHyP3/hyp3-autorift: CHANGELOG.md

and uses [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.14.0]
### Added

> * `check_esa_credentials` function to `__main__.py` to check for the existence of Dataspace credentials before processing begins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `utils.get_esa_credentials` to check for the existence of CDSE credentials before processing begins.
```

### Changed

> * Updated `hyp3lib` to  v2.0.2+, which uses the new Copernicus Dataspace Ecosystem API to download orbit files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated `hyp3lib` to  v2.0.2+, which uses the new Copernicus Data Space Ecosystem (CDSE) API to download orbit files.
```
